[Music]
after being attacked by a brainwashed
pita malarke
katniss everdeen joins an assault on the
capital's armory in district 2.
an aggravated civilian named pugnax
shoots her
but she is saved by her bulletproof
mockingjay suit president coin refuses
to let katniss join the star squad
a group of rebels set to infiltrate the
capital but joanna offers to cover
katniss while she sneaks on board a
helicopter on its way to the star squad
she meets up with the team which
includes gail
a recently married finnick and peta who
is still not fully recovered
led by boggs the team makes their way to
the capitol evading booby-trapped pods
placed along the way with boggs's
holographic map boggs is fatally wounded
by a pod
and bestows the holographic map to
katniss before dying the squad
accidentally trigger another pod
releasing a flood of lethal black tar
and peta momentarily succumbs to his
conditioning
and attacks katniss most of the squad
escapes unbeknownst to the capital
katniss refuses to kill peta but gail
states that he would kill him if needed
the capital broadcasts another message
of snow's denouncement of the rebellion
but the rebels hijack the air and coin
gives an impassioned eulogy that rallies
the rebels
katniss and the star squad attempt to
advance through the sewers but are
caught on camera
they are ambushed by genetically
engineered muts that kill four squad
members
including finnick snow invites capital
citizens to take
shelter at his mansion forming a human
shield katniss and gail plan to sneak
into snow's mansion to assassinate him
on the way a massive explosion disrupts
their plan
in the confusion peacekeepers herd
capital children toward the palace gates
when a hovercraft with a capital
insignia bombs the crowd
causing mass casualties as the rebel
medics including katniss's sister prim
10 to the injured
a second wave of bombs are dropped
killing prim and knocking katniss
unconscious
katniss awakens and haymitch informs her
the rebels have won
because the senseless bombing turned the
capital citizens against snow
katniss confronts snow who explains that
coin staged the bombing to turn the
peacekeepers against him
katniss realizes gail had suggested a
similar strategy to her
and is stunned when gail cannot deny his
part in prim's death
coin calls a meeting of the surviving
hunger games victors where she declares
herself the interim president of pan am
she calls for a vote for a final hunger
games but instead using the children of
capital leaders as revenge
katniss votes yes under the condition
that she is able to execute snow
at snow's execution katniss kills coin
instead
which causes a riot of citizens to also
kill snow
peta stops gatness from committing
suicide and she is arrested
in captivity haymitch brings katniss a
letter from plutarch
assuring she will be pardoned there will
be no last hunger games
and she will be able to return to
district 12. when katniss returns to her
home in district 12
she screams at buttercup that prim is
never coming back
before embracing the cat she finds peta
who was fully recovered from his
conditioning and is planting primrose
flowers in the garden
they receive a letter from annie
finnek's wife
telling them that her infinix son has
been born
that katniss's mother is still treating
survivors and gail was promoted to
captain
commander paler is elected the new
president of pan am
years later katniss and peeta now
married
play with their two children in a meadow
their infant cries from a nightmare
and katniss tells them her story about
her time in the games and stating that
there are much worse games to play